Docs 4237 scale 22.02 update ups service articles (#1525)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/SystemSettings/Services/UPSServicesScreenSCALE.md

| **Remote Hostname** | Required. Enter a valid IP address for the remote system with the **UPS Mode** set to **Master**. This field displays only when **UPS Mode** is set to **Slave**. |
| **Remote Port** | Required. Enter the open network port number of the UPS master system. The default port is 3493. This field displays only when **UPS Mode** is set to **Slave**. |
| **Driver** | Required. Enter or select the device driver from the dropdown list. See the [Network UPS Tools compatibility list](http://networkupstools.org/stable-hcl.html)for a list of supported UPS devices. This field displays only when **UPS Mode** is set to **Master**. |
| **Port or Hostname** | Required. Enter or select the serial or USB port connected to the UPS from the dropdown list. Options include a list of port on your system and **auto**. Select **auto** to automatically detect and manage the USB port settings.<br> When selecting an SNMP driver, enter the IP address or host name of the SNMP UPS device. |

### Monitor Settings

> **Monitor** settings specify the primary user name a password and other users that have administrative access to the UPS service, and whether the default configuration listens on all interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Monitor** settings specify the primary username and password, other users that have administrative access to the UPS service, and whether the default configuration listens on all interfaces.
```
